Add tables for Cloudflare access*, worker* and load_balancer* (#19)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-cloudflare: docs/tables/cloudflare_access_application.md

# Table: cloudflare_access_application

Access Applications are used to restrict access to a whole application using an authorisation gateway managed by Cloudflare.

> **Note:** It's required that `account_id` is set in `~/.steampipe/config/cloudflare.spc` or through `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID` environment variable to access this table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** An account ID must be set in the connection configuration's `account_id` argument or through the `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID` environment variable to query this table.
```

Can you please update this in similar docs as well?
